David very good afternoon to you how
does it feel to be defending the world
heavyweight championship of the world in
England in Manchester ice brilliant you
know you might been told this video
hasn't been a heavyweight championship
full you know in the in the UK for 10
years so you know to be the first one
back in the last time was when Lennox
Lewis for France boater in a London
arena many years ago and I was actually
at that fight and for me to be you know
defending my Heavyweight Championship
you know in Britain in Manchester it's a
great feeling how would your life change
to this November I've been I've been
very busy even a lot of different
functions to go to but you know things
haven't changed that dramatically i'm
still a focused on doing what you know
what what needs to be done in inside the
ring and that happens in training and
i'm back in training now saying old it
all the little functions to go to all
these dinners they're over it's time to
the hard graft and it's time to go to
war have you been enjoying the glitz and
the glamour of being a world champion
you know i was world champion before us
to a cruiserweight world champion you
know as a unified cruiserweight champion
but you're right it's a little different
you know as been the heavyweight
champion Roger not only the boxing fans
or sports fans general know you know
everybody knows whatever weight champion
is and then I'm get up and getting a lot
of love from a lot of people in a blue
give look a lot of Pat's on the back in
a lot of a keep representing Britain and
that's that's that's what I'm all about
you know I'm out here to entertain
people and I'm looking forward to having
my fire the NBN arena no tickets have
just gone on sale and I expect a full
house and I expect a real good night
yeah you have been world champion before
but there is that different kudos
surrounding being the world heavyweight
champion of the world isn't it I mean
does that elevation to the celebrity
circuit help or hinder you in your
boxing career cuz it can be a little bit
of a distraction can't it yeah yeah if
you feel like this or consume you it can
be a district having a big distraction
but you know one thing I'm good at is a
no cutting off many times when it's time
to cut off from that side of things I
can go straight to the gym and focus
hundred rent on training and I know at
this stage of the game know about how
much of a slipper I am is not going to
help me when John Roos is trying to lock
me out you know I've got to be in a best
possible condition and to do that I've
got be in the gym no twice a day every
day grafting hard and that's what I'm
doing now so come
preferred you're gonna see you can see a
prime haymaker you gonna see me in the
best possible condition and you're going
to see me knocking out and genres let's
talk about john ruiz because you were
quite adaptable in your approach to the
fight against Nikolai value area how are
you going to tackle john ruiz he's a
completely different animal for one he's
a foot shorter than value of you know
easy only weighs a stone heavier than me
opposed to seven stone like valley over
was so he's a similar size to me and I
won't have to be leaping in trying to
land it he's gonna be in my face he's
going to be trying to pressure me like
he doesn't all his other fights you know
he's not a very good boxer you know he's
a good fighter is a brawler gets in
close rush you up tries to Drake drag
you into the trenches and I can't allow
that but I've got go out there and I've
got a really no stand with him and a
break break his game plan break his
heart and knock him out he's only been
stopped once in 50 odd fights he's very
durable very tough very underrated I
know this and I'm not going to fall down
the same trap as a lot of his prior
opponents and go out there with a
half-assed effort you spoke layer a
little bit about his record 11 World
title fights he's already picked up this
is his this is your first defense of
your world heavyweight title how can
that work to your advantage in a way he
0 as a disadvantage for me he's been in
the worries been in the World
Heavyweight game for a long time he said
no he said well over 10 champ World
Heavyweight title fights you know this
is this is my second one and you know
it's going to be in his ski it's going
to benefit him in his mind but for me
I'm a lot freshing I haven't as many
miles on the clock and I'm expected I
expected him to underestimate me
slightly thinking that I'm coming up in
weight I've only had one you know big
heavyweight fight but I'm trusted when
it went on april third you can just see
me go out there and you can see me blitz
this guy he says he's the same sort of
fighter as carl thompson he was the only
man to be view of course do you agree
with that assessment and is that going
to influence your approach anyway no i
agree with him he has got a very similar
style to sort carl thompson you know he
likes to get close he likes to try to
wear people down he can take a lot of
punishment so yeah i agree with him on
that sense but you know I lost a card
Thompson you know many many years ago
and I think he's to be taking some
confidence from that fight when I i I'm
prime to keep watching that fight you
know
cuz if he thinks I'm gonna make the same
mistakes against him that I did against
Thompson he's in for a rude awakening
we're speaking to John Ruiz at around
about five o'clock English time live on
sky sports news if you had a message to
send to him right now what would it be
via train hard you know stay focused you
know you got we got a big fight over
here in England and as entertaining as
you are you know I'm going to make it
you want to make your demise er very
entertaining I'm going to go out there
and he's going to be getting flashbacks
of his David to a fight when he was a
when he was left stretched out on the
ring unconscious you say that he's not
that entertaining I know that you have
been in the past I mean we remember the
build-up to the valley where fight with
a cardboard cutout and all the sort of
publicity surrounding that you said this
time you don't need to do that why not
you no matter what i say i do John Roos
is going to be boring you know i like to
call it a cure for insomnia he's a he
doesn't do he doesn't nobody cares one
more another he's a Porto Rican American
all the guys from Puerto Rico say he's
American they know tried to claim it all
Americans say en American he's Porto
Rican nobody wants him he's a two-time
heavyweight champ that nobody cares
about nobody wants because of his style
because he goes out there and you know
he's got no he's not no personality but
you know it's for me to go out there in
a pot on a good performance and make
sure this is the last time people enough
to see genres you said he's boring I
spoke to you before after a pitch go
fight that you've been watching you said
he's boring as well what makes you
different oh my god you gotta look at my
record look at the knockout percentage
you know I'd go out there and I throw
bombs from the start you know against
even my last fight valley with who I had
a tactical flight with you know it's
more of a strategic battle even in the
last round I had him all over the place
had his legs gone with with a powerful
left hook no I'm like I'm not being I'm
not known as a big left hook puncher I
hate the guy who's probably got the best
chin in boxing you know one of the best
films ever you know I had him dancing
around a ring like Bambi and ice and I
don't do that for a reason exact and
buck and punch so hard